`tested **3091**, which includes Secondary Approval fixes implemented by Moosa.
also tested the reporting on south 


- 3350 Add country Bahrain - 
- 3288 - it have some items that needs to be tested on North Staging.
double check report check with moosa on what needs to be done.

........................

Yesterday I finished up the ticket history and job bonus history and now testing the job bonus history. 
Toda I need to test both for offline. 
and then after that i will move to 3126 Add Price Book to Jobs Grid it was not tested for offline.
 3385 Detailed ticket report and 3392 Xero Template.

I worked on **Ticket and JobBonus history (3133)** — test them for offline. there was an issue when going offline due to a missing ToolImages error, so I created a fake ToolImage just for testing. While testing, I also ran into a problem where pages wouldn’t load when switching back from offline to online. Jordon helped us out there — the fix was to add the page URLs to the `_ViewStart` file. note: JobBonus history is not offline because the approval page (was tested on dan)

I also looked into the **Price Book issue (3126)** on the job grid for jobs created offline. I found it was a frontend issue, explained the details to Moosa, and assigned the work item to him.

also i worked on a bug Jordon found on **South**, where grouping by duration on the Quick Return grid is causing issues.

And I’ve completed **work item 3392 for the XERO template**.
--------------------------------
remove buttons offline- Moosa
append text remove - don
add online offline to the history - more on that with jordon.
remove the link - done

job bonus paid to percentage - done
code to name - done
bonus paid to $ - done
export to excel. - -done

