3133 - JobBonus History troubleshooting. it was a data issue. there isn't much data on north staging to be shown.

3094 - Fixed the columns order for Job details, BhaPerformance, PlugPort summary, and PlugPort details to be consistant.

Tested 3408, found the an issue with and I let Moosa know. 

Then tested 3326. For that spcific one i see that the duplication of the data is accuring because this  job has more than copy of the same toolplacement and also multiple runs that uses these toolplacement copies.

**Detailed Ticket Report 3385**  should additional items be included in the report?

2995 - Packers Plus - Job Log Data
2988 - Critical Success Factor Report
Worked with Moosa debugging Couple of issues. mainly 3408 
Added the word "Report" for all reports, noticed some have it and some not.
Today I will start by going through my work item  and testing staging for north.
and then i need to review the work item 3258 is been a while since i looked at it. and give it a one more try.

2911 - done  
2990 - done  
3416 - done  
3421 - done

3133 - Versa-Line Items Ticket History and Job Bonus History, not populated historical data. not sure is it my query or its the data been deleted to speed up the report.

2995	Job Log Data	- have not checked to the details of it yet. I will go through it and make sure its one properly.

3258	Job Details Report	- need to be discussed, there is a better way of doing the dynamic fields and why the way I did is not the best way.

2988	Critical Success Factor Report	Monday.	Aaron did not like the pivot report so it has to be re done.

